# Coordinates Generator for Clicker Bot
This program consists of two scripts that work together to automate mouse clicks using coordinates generated by the first script.

## Installation
Both scripts require Python 3 to be installed.

<br>

`coordinates_generator.py` requires the pynput package. You can install pynput using pip:
``` bat
pip install pynput
```

`main.py` requires the pyautogui package, which you can install using pip as well:
``` bat
pip install pyautogui
```

In the `main.py` script, you can change the duration for each click by modifying the value of the `DURATION` variable.

## Usage

### <b>`coordinates_generator.py`</b>
This script generates a list of coordinates representing the positions of mouse clicks. To run the script, simply execute it from the command line:

``` bat
python coordinates_generator.py
```
The script will start listening for mouse clicks. Every time you click the mouse, the coordinates of the cursor will be printed to the console and added to an array. To stop the script and save the coordinates to a file, click the middle-mouse button.

The script will generate a file called coordinates.txt in the same directory as the script. This file will contain the list of coordinates in the format x,y.

<br>

### <b>`main.py`</b>
This script reads the coordinates.txt file generated by the coordinates_generator.py script and uses the pyautogui package to automate mouse clicks at the specified coordinates.

To run the script, simply execute it from the command line:
``` bat
python main.py
```
The script will read the coordinates.txt file and click the mouse at each of the specified coordinates, in the order in which they appear in the file.